# syringe-disposal

An app where SF residents enter in the location of syringes on the street that need to get cleaned up - or request that an area gets special attention before an event in a park or other SF location--- or a neighborhood group could request regular cleanups block by block near their homes. It would be like a dispatcher app- pretty simple---the app would map the location of the syringes and send a text out to volunteers who were logged on to help with cleanup- an on-duty volunteer would claim the task (like a bike messenger picking up a tag) and it would be assigned to them, and then when they were done picking up the reported syringes the volunteer would text the app back with the details- the app would track the syringes cleaned up/# of pick ups done and the volunteer who did the pickup/map the pickups.

Hey friends,
If you have connections with folks who can build apps who might volunteer their time/talent to develop an app where SF residents could enter in the location of syringes on the street that need to get cleaned up- or request that an area gets special attention before an event in a park or other SF location--- or a neighborhood group could request regular cleanups block by block near their homes-
It would be like a dispatcher app- pretty simple---the app would map the location of the syringes and send a text out to volunteers who were logged on to help with cleanup- an on-duty volunteer would claim the task (like a bike messenger picking up a tag) and it would be assigned to them, and then when they were done picking up the reported syringes the volunteer would text the app back with the details- the app would track the syringes cleaned up/# of pick ups done and the volunteer who did the pickup/map the pickups---
Please share if you know someone with this type of talent who might be willing to donate their time to develop it and help me create a budget for it's maintenance.
Thanks very much!!!

 The app would 1) receive text messages giving the locations of syringes (by nearest street address) that need to be cleaned up. 2) map the location of the syringes on the application. 3) text the location to all volunteers who are logged on at that time. 4) the volunteer would accept the pickup and travel by bus to the location. If the app could interface with 511.org<https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=http-3A__511.org&d=DwMGaQ&c=Lr0a7ed3egkbwePCNW4ROg&r=mD4Wp3no4lvsxXnGAtKnz44fJSjsulT0TGC3ICT3RCM&m=ibnvhuh-iZKzL_5PA1DuD7rdL8vTEZ7ypbh6l8oZyDs&s=4XjxXG-Q75nnM2b0J01V7ISfLqVrl3V2PJzx8STlv7E&e=> to get the volunteer directions from thier current location to the place that needed cleanup on Muni that would be pretty amazing. 5) the volunteer would text the app after the cleanup was completed providing the # of syringes collected from the location 6) the app would track the # of syringes collected, the locations of the cleanups, the volunteer who handled the task, the response time 7) the app would track volunteer sign ups/volunteer applications and track the process of volunteers getting interviewed/oriented/safety training and allow them to log on for volunteer work after they had received training and were interviewed. 8) the app would invite volunteers to a 1x a month volunteer appreciation dinner. 7) down the road we would like to create a low threshold incentivized work program using this app-- that would allow SF neighbors and merchants to donate for the service allowing stipends to volunteers using a 3rd party payment company like https://www.braintreepayments.com/<https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__www.braintreepayments.com_&d=DwMGaQ&c=Lr0a7ed3egkbwePCNW4ROg&r=mD4Wp3no4lvsxXnGAtKnz44fJSjsulT0TGC3ICT3RCM&m=ibnvhuh-iZKzL_5PA1DuD7rdL8vTEZ7ypbh6l8oZyDs&s=Vrcz9AoICseW86GdQjZMFC2FQh6BV_3DUOXPVju852g&e=> It would be a way for homeless and other low income folks to sign on and off for work and earn income.
